release 2025-02-03 (#2699)
tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle: CHANGELOG.md

Subscribe to the [tracking issue #2231](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/issues/2231)
to receive notifications about breaking changes!

## TigerBeetle 0.16.26

Released: 2025-02-03

### Safety And Performance

- [#2681](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/2681)

>   Remove zero-padding assert in the grid. After we read a block, we verify it has a valid header,
>   body, it was indeed the block we were expecting to find and assert that its sector padding is
>   zeroed.
> 
>   This last step can fail due to disk corruption; sector padding is covered by any checksum! This
>   wasn't caught by the VOPR, since previously it would inject a storage fault that corrupts the
>   _entire_ sector.

Reviewer: This PR evolved so the original description is out of date. Maybe something like this instead:

```suggestion
  Consider blocks and prepares with nonzero padding to be corrupt.
  Previously blocks asserted zero padding, which can fail due to bitrot.
  
  Also fix a similar bug in the superblock copy index handling. The copy index is not covered
  by a checksum, so we must treat it carefully to avoid propagating bad data if it is corrupt.
  
  VOPR now injects single-bit errors into storage rather than whole-sector errors.
```
